Troubleshooting: A drop-down editor does not show data (#4481)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/80 Troubleshooting/50 A Drop-Down Editor Does Not Show Data/10 DataField and ValueExpr Should Store The Same Keys.md

> To correctly substitute displayed values with required values in a DataGrid/TreeList lookup column, follow these steps:

Reviewer: This part only marginally differs from the part that follows... We say that two fields must store the same values. Then we also emphasize that they should be of the same type. If they store the same values, then obviously the type is the same, right? 

Also - this section doesn't look like a part of a troubleshooting guide. It has more in common with a Getting Started. Shows me how to set up a lookup from scratch. 

Long story short - I think we can skip this entire step.

> 1. Define the [lookup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/).[dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/#dataSource).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Define the [lookup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/).[dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/#dataSource) property.
```

> 1. Define the [lookup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/).[dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/#dataSource).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Define the [lookup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/).[dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/#dataSource) property.
```

> 2. Specify the [lookup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/).[valueExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/#valueExpr). It should match the [columns](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/).[dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataField). Refer to the following topic for detailed explanation: [lookup - API Section](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Specify the [lookup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/).[valueExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/#valueExpr) property. Its value should match the [columns](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/).[dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataField) property value. Refer to the following topic for detailed explanation: [lookup - API Section](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/).
```

> 2. Specify the [lookup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/).[valueExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/#valueExpr) property. Its value should match the [columns](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/).[dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataField) property value. Refer to the following topic for detailed explanation: [lookup - API Section](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/).

Reviewer 3: I would say `value` and `type` should be the same because "3" and 3 technically match if you compare them like 3 == "3". So typing is important because we compare them like 3 === "3" :) Our customers often consider this as matching values especially the problem appears when values loaded from the server via `CustomStore`

Reviewer 3: UPD: nevermind, found it's in the next topic :D

> 3. Use the [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/lookup/#displayExpr) property to specify displayed values.

Reviewer 2: Try to use the strong verbs instead of "use". Not use, but set, define, specify, so a user can understand how exactly they can use this property without further explanation.

> In the example below, `StateID` and `ID` store the same keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example below configures the DataGrid so `StateID` and `ID` store the same keys.
```
